Made the inheritance doc flow consistent and highlighted some of the facts (#5518)
wso2/docs-is: en/includes/guides/organization-management/inheritance-in-organizations/attribute-inheritance.md

# User attribute inheritance

In {{product_name}}, child organizations inherit user attributes, mappings, and dialects from the root organization, ensuring consistency across the organization hierarchy.

## How it works

This section explains the inheritance mechanism for attributes, mappings, and dialects across organizations.

### User attributes

- Child organizations inherit both the system-defined and custom attributes from the root organization.

- Only the root organization can create custom attributes.

Organization administrators can access inherited user attributes from the {{product_name}} Console under **User Attributes & Stores** > **User Attributes**.

### User attribute mappings

> Each user store in an organization maintains mappings for user attributes. Inheritance of user attribute mappings work in the following way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each user store in an organization maintains mappings for user attributes. Inheritance of user attribute mappings works in the following way.
```

{% if product_name == "WSO2 Identity Server" %}
- **Primary user store**

    - Only the root organization can edit the user store mappings for the primary user store.

    - Child organizations inherit primary user store mappings from the root organization.

- **Secondary user stores**

    - Child organizations can onboard their own secondary user stores.

    - Child organizations have full control over user store mappings for secondary user stores, including:

        - Editing mappings for user attributes inherited by the root organization.

>         - Whether to enable multi-valued user attributes (e.g. emailAddresses) for the secondary user stores. Only supported attributes can be enabled/disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Whether to enable multi-valued user attributes (e.g. emailAddresses) for the secondary user stores. This option is only available for supported attributes.
```

Shall we re-word this so that it's clear for those not familiar with these configurations?

>     The following diagram illustrates how inheritance work for the multi-valued `emailAddresses` attribute.

Reviewer: Not all multi-valued attributes support this; a subset of multi-valued attributes have the option to enable or disable the attribute for a given user store.

Please refer [1][2] for more detailed explanations.

[1] https://github.com/wso2/product-is/issues/22949#issue-2841812081
[2] https://is.docs.wso2.com/en/latest/guides/users/attributes/manage-attributes/#exclude-these-attributes-from-a-user-store

>     The following diagram illustrates how inheritance work for the multi-valued `emailAddresses` attribute.

Reviewer: The attached image is a screenshot of the configuration page UI. This is the same UI that has been there since before inheritance was introduced and does not illustrate the inheritance behaviour.

>     ![Attribute mappings]({{base_path}}/assets/img/guides/organization/attributes/b2b-edit-attribute-mappings.png){: width="700" style="display: block; margin: 0;"}

Reviewer: The attached image is a screenshot of the configuration page UI. This is the same UI that has been there since before inheritance was introduced and does not illustrate the inheritance behaviour.

    - Organizations can't edit the attribute mapping or disable it for the primary user store (**PRIMARY**).

>     - Organizations can edit attribute mappings and disable the attribute for secondary user stores (**MY USER STORE**).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Child organizations can edit attribute mappings the attribute for secondary user stores (**MY USER STORE**).

```

As disabling is available for a small number of attributes and has also been explained above, it's better to avoid mentioning it in a general manner.

Reviewer: This is still present. Please check.

    {% else %}

>     - Child organizations can onboard their own secondary user stores.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Child organizations can onboard their own user stores.
```

For Asgardeo, there is no concept of primary/secondary in docs.

    - They have full control over attribute mappings for these stores, including:

        - Editing mappings for attributes inherited by the root organization.

>         - Whether to enable multi-valued user attributes (e.g. **emailAddresses**) for the secondary user   stores.

Reviewer: Same as https://github.com/wso2/docs-is/pull/5518/files#r2289974776.

>     The following diagram illustrates how settings work for the multi-valued emailAddresses attribute. 

Reviewer: Same as https://github.com/wso2/docs-is/pull/5518/files#r2289967780.

>         - Whether to enable multi-valued user attributes (e.g. emailAddresses) for the user stores. Only supported attributes can be enabled/disabled.

Author: ```suggestion
        - Whether to enable multi-valued user attributes (e.g. emailAddresses) for the user stores. This option is only available for supported attributes.
```

    !!! abstract ""

>         Child organizations can freely manage and disable the attribute for secondary user stores (**MY USER STORE**).

Reviewer: Same as https://github.com/wso2/docs-is/pull/5518/files#r2289951120

    ![Attribute mappings]({{base_path}}/assets/img/guides/organization/attributes/  b2b-edit-attribute-mappings.png){: width="700" style="display: block; margin: 0;"}

    Child organizations can freely manage and disable attributes for user stores (**MY USER STORE**).

{% endif %}

### Attribute dialects

Attribute dialects define the naming and format of user attributes when exchanging data with external systems.

- Child organizations inherit all external attribute dialects defined in the root organization, such as:

    - SCIM 2.0

    - OpenID Connect (OIDC)

    {% if product_name == "WSO2 Identity Server" %}

    - Any custom dialects created at the root organization level

    {% endif %}

- Attribute dialects are read-only for child organizations. They can't create new dialects or modify inherited ones.

Organization administrators can view user attribute dialects from the {{product_name}} Console by going to **User Attributes & Stores** > **User Attributes** and selecting the relevant dialect under **Manage Attribute Mappings**.

## Configure user attributes at the root organization

> Root organization administrators can create user attributes, mappings and dialects at the root organization. Follow the [Manage attributes and mappings]({{base_path}}//users/attributes/) guide to learn more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Root organization administrators can create user attributes, user store mappings and dialects at the root organization. Follow the [Manage attributes and mappings]({{base_path}}//users/attributes/) guide to learn more.
```

For consistency with the top of the doc.

# User attribute inheritance

In {{product_name}}, child organizations inherit user attributes, mappings, and dialects from the root organization, ensuring consistency across the organization hierarchy.

## How it works

This section explains the inheritance mechanism for attributes, mappings, and dialects across organizations.

### User attributes

- Child organizations inherit both the system-defined and custom attributes from the root organization.

> - Only the root organization can created custom attributes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Only the root organization can create custom attributes.
```
